DOCSP-37773: tutorials > connect (#7)
mongodb/docs-java-rs: source/tutorials/connect.txt

- Instantiate a ``MongoClient`` object without any parameters to
  connect to a MongoDB server running on localhost on port ``27017``:
  
  .. code-block:: java
    
     MongoClient mongoClient = MongoClients.create();

- Explicitly specify the ``hostname`` to connect to a MongoDB
  instance running on the specified host on port ``27017``: 

  .. code-block:: java
    
     MongoClient mongoClient = MongoClients.create(
        MongoClientSettings.builder()
            .applyToClusterSettings(builder ->
                builder.hosts(Arrays.asList(new ServerAddress("hostOne"))))
            .build());

- Explicitly specify the ``hostname`` and the ``port``:

  .. code-block:: java
    
     MongoClient mongoClient = MongoClients.create(
        MongoClientSettings.builder()
            .applyToClusterSettings(builder ->
                builder.hosts(Arrays.asList(new ServerAddress("hostOne", 27018))))
            .build());

- Specify the ``ConnectionString``:

  .. code-block:: java
    
     MongoClient mongoClient = MongoClients.create("mongodb://hostOne:27017");

Connect to a Replica Set
------------------------

To connect to a replica set, you must specify one or more

> members to the ``MongoClients`` create method. To learn more about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
members to the ``MongoClients.create()`` method. To learn more about
```

replica sets, see :manual:`Replication </replication/>` in the Server
manual.

.. note::

   MongoDB auto-discovers the primary and secondary nodes in a replica
   set.

You can connect to a MongoDB replica set by specifying the members in
a ``ConnectionString``.

> The following example shows how to specify at least two members of the

Reviewer: i think?

```suggestion
The following example shows how to specify three members of the
```

replica set:

.. code-block:: java
   
   MongoClient mongoClient = MongoClients.create("mongodb://host1:27017,host2:27017,host3:27017");

> The following example shows how to specify at least one member of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to specify three members of the
```

replica set and the ``replicaSet`` option with the replica set
name:

.. code-block:: java
   
   MongoClient mongoClient = MongoClients.create("mongodb://host1:27017,host2:27017,host3:27017/?replicaSet=myReplicaSet");

The following example shows how to specify a list of
``ServerAddress`` instances corresponding to all of the replica
set members:

.. code-block:: java
   
   MongoClient mongoClient = MongoClients.create(
       MongoClientSettings.builder()
           .applyToClusterSettings(builder ->
               builder.hosts(Arrays.asList(
                   new ServerAddress("host1", 27017),
                   new ServerAddress("host2", 27017),
                   new ServerAddress("host3", 27017))))
           .build());

Connect to a Sharded Cluster
----------------------------

To connect to a sharded cluster, specify the ``mongos`` instance or

> instances to a ``MongoClients`` creation method. To learn more about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instances to the ``MongoClients.create()`` method. To learn more about
```

sharded clusters, see :manual:`Sharding </sharding/>` in the Server
manual.

You can connect to a single ``mongos`` instance in the following ways:

- Specify the hostname and the port in a ``ConnectionString``:

  .. code-block:: java
     
     MongoClient mongoClient = MongoClients.create( "mongodb://localhost:27017" );

> - Exclude connection string out if the ``mongos`` is running on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exclude connection string if the ``mongos`` is running on
```
